- You're being paranoid.
She's not out there.
- [sighs]
Fine.
- Weren't you leaving at 8:00
to meet Taggy?
- No, David wants us
to be late.
According
to Dr. Marjorie Frost,
"Punctuality is
for 'leaf-eaters.'"
- Leaf-eaters?
- You know, leaf-eaters.
Herbivores.
Iguanodons?
Dryosaurs?
- Oh, the favored prey
of the pterodactyl,
I get it.
- Please don't get it.
It's stupid.
Listen, Heather,
thank you again
for letting me crash
on your couch.
- It's okay.
For now.
But why don't you stay
with your dad?
- Are you kidding?
That's the first place
Kaydee Festermeyer would look.
As long as she's out there,
I'm not safe.
- Okay, okay, okay.
Breathe.
- [exhales heavily]
- Look, my family moved away
before all this
Kaydee Festermeyer drama.
What happened exactly?
- Well, she stole
the Golden Lungs Trophy
and I proved she did it.
And then she left school.
That's what David says, anyway.
I actually can't remember
any of it.
It's...strange.
- A-ha.
Wait, do you still do
your mind palace?
- Well, yes, of course.
Let me check again.
[lively string music]
This is it.
Richardsville High School,
tenth grade.
June.
- Ugh, please don't
do the voice.
- All right, all right.
The Golden Lungs Trophy.
Awarded to
the high school tobacco club
who submits the smoothest smoke
at the state fair.
- Wait a minute,
didn't David say
you found it
in Kaydee's locker?
Why don't you check there?
- But which one is
Kaydee's locker?
Wait.
[metallic pounding]
[together] Her pet raccoon.
[dramatic music]
Ah!
- [squawks]
I have arrived.
[dramatic jazz noir music]
[squawks]
I have arrived!
Late on purpose
to dominate you leaf-eaters.
- Shut up, David.
He was inside
his mind palace.
You might have broken
his brain.
- Ooh, I'm sorry, buddy.
Are you a vegetable now?
- No, no, I'm fine.
It's just--
I--I had just opened
the locker door--
What?
Oh.
This is the actual memory.
- There's our boy detective.
Let's pick up
where we left off, okay?
[fire alarm rings]
- Run, run, run!
- Oh, no, is that a fire?
- Now I remember.
It was the first time
Dana Singh had profiled me.
I had spent
the morning going over
the mystery
of the missing hockey cards,
and she loved it.
But then after lunch,
there was a fire alarm.
- Was it a scheduled drill?
- No, not scheduled.
Someone pulled it.
And when we came back,
the Golden Lungs were gone.
Naturally,
the school turned to me
to crack the case.
Hmm.
Everyone who had left
the building
had come back.
The Golden Lungs
had to be nearby.
And whoever pulled
the fire alarm
was the thief.
[sniffs]
Smell is one
of the most important tools
a detective has,
but you don't see it
on TV very often.
[sniffs]
Hmm.
Will all the girls
line up, please?
I need to smell
your fingers.
You see, in tenth grade,
the girls were all into
this scented lip gloss.
But there was a heatwave
that June.
The lip gloss
was always melting,
so they had to smear it on
with their fingers.
It was all over their hands.
[sniffs]
- I don't think
we can use this.
- But only one person that day
was wearing
the distinct odor of...
[sniffs]
Vick's VapoRub?
- Fudge off, Hunchman.
I like the way it tastes.
- Assistant Principle Suggs,
can you please tell me
which locker belongs
to this person?
- Mr. Suggs was
the cool teacher.
He was really into ska music
and he gave girls massages.
He called them mas-ska-ges.
- I'm innocent.
Sure, I pulled
the fire alarm.
For funsies.
But I didn't steal no trophy.
- Ooh, I can't wait
till that raccoon jumps out
and murders that nerd.
- [gulps]
Huh?
[all gasp]
- Dude.
- Hey, it'
s the trophy.
- It's easy.
If you just follow the clues,
you always get it right.
- Way to go, nerd.
- You cracked the case!
Way to go
- Where's my raccoon, Hunchman?
[yelling]
Where the fudge is Ripper?
- So that's the story, Taggy.
I mean, even Heather agreed,
the evidence against her
was clear.
- All right,
so Kaydee's back in town
and hungry for vengeance?
[laughs]
I love it!
- I don't love it.
What am I gonna do
about this?
- Well, you know what I'd do,
trap her.
- Entrap her?
Like, tricking her
into trespassing?
- No.
No, no, no, no.
Trap her.
In a trap.
Scooby-Doo style, right?
With a net and a rope
and a pulley and whatnot.
You've seen the show.
- Oh, wait.
Are you serious?
- Course I am.
Listen, guys,
you lure her somewhere,
you trap her,
and then you turn her over
to Lake Patrol for arson.
- I have to admit
it's intriguing.
- What?
- But I think we'd need
more than one pulley.
- All right,
hold on one sec.
Uh, Jeanette,
how many pulleys do we have
in the shit-n-stuff closet?
- Uh, I don't know
about this, dude.
- But we need bait.
Something to lure her in.
- What? Seriously?
36 pulleys?
That's amazing.
- Oh, yes.
She still follows me
on LoveSwipe.
I can DM--
- No.
- Yeah, no I'll say,
"I finally know what I 'did,'
and I'm ready
to take my lumps."
- No!
- I'm making myself human bait.
- For irony's sake,
I'll invite her back
to where we had
our first date,
the old doll factory.
- No!
- And then, we trap her.
- Uh, no.
You are not going to trap her.
- But look
at all the stuff we got.
If--I mean, if you don't
like the trap plan,
why did you even come?
- Because you cannot legally
drop a bowling ball
out of a fiery bird cage
onto someone's head,
and then see-saw launch them
into a net.
- All right, slow your roll,
Lake Patrol.
You forgot that the net,
uh, it's suspended
over a kiddie pool
that's filled with Canada Dry,
and that means
it's international waters.
- You will all be arrested.
- Thank you.
That's what I've been saying.
I don't want to get arrested
over this bullshit.
- Hunch, just go in
and talk to her
like a human being.
If she tries anything,
I have your back.
- Me too.
- Okay, fine.
- Oof!
- I--it's almost time
to meet her, anyway.
Let's go into
the abandoned doll factory.
- What?
It's my boot stick.
[doors creak]
[jazzy noir music]
♪ ♪
- Ugh.
John, it's really creepy
in this abandoned doll factory.
- David, David, David.
Wh--what's that up ahead?
- Holy shit.
Egg salad sammies.
- No. Taggy, no!
- Taggy!
- Ahh!
Ahh!
Ah, my boot stick!
- [cac
kles]
- It's a trap!
- Run, John!
- Heather!
- [cackles]
- David, don't move.
It's the only way
to stay safe.
- Whoa!
Oh, oh, oh.
What kin
d of hair
is in this pit?
- [sniffs]
Doll hair.
- Yep!
Genuine vintage
Lettuce Head doll hair.
My mama used to glue that hair
onto those dolls
strand by strand.
Then they sold
the Lettuce Head brand
to Big Toyco
and closed this factory.
- Ah, ah.
Be careful.
- [cackles]
- Kaydee, I know what I did.
- Ha! Fudging finally.
- What I did was,
I proved you were guilty.
I saw it all
in my mind palace.
- Mind palace?
You fudging twerp.
You know what I remember?
In my plain old brain?
Telling the truth.
I didn't steal that trophy.
And then I remembered
getting expelled.
- Whoa, expelled?
We thought you were just, like,
suspended or something.
- You thought wrong.
both: Ah!
- I put the past behind me.
Till I came back
for Mama's funeral,
and saw
that John Hunchman
was still in Dicktown,
still smiling for the camera.
- So you stuck around
to ruin my life.
- Yep.
Just like you ruined mine.
But you know what?
I can't do it.
Look at you,
you're broke, fat, and old.
Now you're trapped
in a pit full of hair.
How could I make
your life any worse?
- I don't know.
Maybe set my houseboat on fire?
- What?
I didn't do that.
- Are you kidding?
You're trying
to burn us alive right now.
- [blows raspberry]
You big baby.
That old hair is 100% asbestos.
- Oh.
- Phew.
- Ah, what the hell.
Come on, Hunchman.
Give me a big, old
"I'm sorry,"
and I'll let you out.
- What?
No, I'm not sorry.
- Oh, dude, what the fuck?
- I do not apologize!
- [sighs]
Okay.
Have fun in your pit!
[dramatic music]
- Ugh, push, push--
- All right.
- Push me up, push me up.
- Oh, my God, I'm trying.
- Well, try
a little harder, stupid.
- Hey!
What?
- [grunts]
- How am I stupid?
We could both be out of here
if you had just apologized.
- [scoffs]
Why would I do that?
- Kaydee had it rough.
Even if you still think
she stole that trophy--
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
She did steal that trophy.
- Okay, but you did
basically get her expelled
and mess up her life.
- No, no, she made
a bunch of bad decisions
that I had nothing to do with.
- I think she's innocent.
- Ha! Then you're even stupider
than I thought
when I called you stupid.
- Excuse me.
[phone beeps]
You think I'm stupid?
- Well, what would you call
someone who lives
in his parents' basement,
who takes life advice
from a random stranger
on YouTube?
- You know, you always
think you're right,
but you're the reason
we're stuck
in this hair pit, stupid.
- Fine, you know what?
Maybe I am stupid.
I mean, I've been trying
to pull you
out of the metaphorical
hair pit of your life
for five years.
- Wow.
- You know,
hiring you out of pity
maybe was the stupidest thing
I ever did.
- [grunts]
- Ah!
- Okay, you know what?
Dr. Marjorie Frost?
The random stranger on YouTube
who gives me life advice...
- All right.
- Who is also
a tenured professor,
which means
it's impossible
for her to be stupid?
- Okay.
- She said something once,
and she's right.
"Don't waste time
with leaf-eating losers.
Soar over them on
your mighty, leathery wings."
Goodbye, stupid.
- Argh.
- Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo.
Free!
- Okay, great, thank heavens.
Now, let me out.
- [chuckles]
No, I'm gonna go find
Taggy and Heather.
- I--I'm up here, guys.
Just chillin' in this trap.
- David.
David! Wait--
I, uh--I didn't mean
what I said just then.
- You really didn't?
- Uh, heat of the moment.
- Okay, you promise?
- Come on. Please?
- Okay, fine.
Give me your hand.
Psych.
Ohh.
You really do think
I'm stupid.
Fuck you, John.
You're fired.
- Fired?
You can't fire me.
I'm the boss.
I'm in charge.
I am in charge!
[rat squeaking]
[grunts]
Made in Georgia